Inform 6.43 for MacOS (6th August 2025)
line 3: Error:  Too many local variables for a routine; max is 118
>  p118
line 3: Warning:  Local variable "p0" declared but not used
line 3: Warning:  Local variable "p1" declared but not used
line 3: Warning:  Local variable "p2" declared but not used
line 3: Warning:  Local variable "p3" declared but not used
line 3: Warning:  Local variable "p4" declared but not used
line 3: Warning:  Local variable "p5" declared but not used
line 3: Warning:  Local variable "p6" declared but not used
line 3: Warning:  Local variable "p7" declared but not used
line 3: Warning:  Local variable "p8" declared but not used
line 3: Warning:  Local variable "p9" declared but not used
line 3: Warning:  Local variable "p10" declared but not used
line 3: Warning:  Local variable "p11" declared but not used
line 3: Warning:  Local variable "p12" declared but not used
line 3: Warning:  Local variable "p13" declared but not used
line 3: Warning:  Local variable "p14" declared but not used
line 3: Warning:  Local variable "p15" declared but not used
line 3: Warning:  Local variable "p16" declared but not used
line 3: Warning:  Local variable "p17" declared but not used
line 3: Warning:  Local variable "p18" declared but not used
line 3: Warning:  Local variable "p19" declared but not used
line 3: Warning:  Local variable "p20" declared but not used
line 3: Warning:  Local variable "p21" declared but not used
line 3: Warning:  Local variable "p22" declared but not used
line 3: Warning:  Local variable "p23" declared but not used
line 3: Warning:  Local variable "p24" declared but not used
line 3: Warning:  Local variable "p25" declared but not used
line 3: Warning:  Local variable "p26" declared but not used
line 3: Warning:  Local variable "p27" declared but not used
line 3: Warning:  Local variable "p28" declared but not used
line 3: Warning:  Local variable "p29" declared but not used
line 3: Warning:  Local variable "p30" declared but not used
line 3: Warning:  Local variable "p31" declared but not used
line 3: Warning:  Local variable "p32" declared but not used
line 3: Warning:  Local variable "p33" declared but not used
line 3: Warning:  Local variable "p34" declared but not used
line 3: Warning:  Local variable "p35" declared but not used
line 3: Warning:  Local variable "p36" declared but not used
line 3: Warning:  Local variable "p37" declared but not used
line 3: Warning:  Local variable "p38" declared but not used
line 3: Warning:  Local variable "p39" declared but not used
line 3: Warning:  Local variable "p40" declared but not used
line 3: Warning:  Local variable "p41" declared but not used
line 3: Warning:  Local variable "p42" declared but not used
line 3: Warning:  Local variable "p43" declared but not used
line 3: Warning:  Local variable "p44" declared but not used
line 3: Warning:  Local variable "p45" declared but not used
line 3: Warning:  Local variable "p46" declared but not used
line 3: Warning:  Local variable "p47" declared but not used
line 3: Warning:  Local variable "p48" declared but not used
line 3: Warning:  Local variable "p49" declared but not used
line 3: Warning:  Local variable "p50" declared but not used
line 3: Warning:  Local variable "p51" declared but not used
line 3: Warning:  Local variable "p52" declared but not used
line 3: Warning:  Local variable "p53" declared but not used
line 3: Warning:  Local variable "p54" declared but not used
line 3: Warning:  Local variable "p55" declared but not used
line 3: Warning:  Local variable "p56" declared but not used
line 3: Warning:  Local variable "p57" declared but not used
line 3: Warning:  Local variable "p58" declared but not used
line 3: Warning:  Local variable "p59" declared but not used
line 3: Warning:  Local variable "p60" declared but not used
line 3: Warning:  Local variable "p61" declared but not used
line 3: Warning:  Local variable "p62" declared but not used
line 3: Warning:  Local variable "p63" declared but not used
line 3: Warning:  Local variable "p64" declared but not used
line 3: Warning:  Local variable "p65" declared but not used
line 3: Warning:  Local variable "p66" declared but not used
line 3: Warning:  Local variable "p67" declared but not used
line 3: Warning:  Local variable "p68" declared but not used
line 3: Warning:  Local variable "p69" declared but not used
line 3: Warning:  Local variable "p70" declared but not used
line 3: Warning:  Local variable "p71" declared but not used
line 3: Warning:  Local variable "p72" declared but not used
line 3: Warning:  Local variable "p73" declared but not used
line 3: Warning:  Local variable "p74" declared but not used
line 3: Warning:  Local variable "p75" declared but not used
line 3: Warning:  Local variable "p76" declared but not used
line 3: Warning:  Local variable "p77" declared but not used
line 3: Warning:  Local variable "p78" declared but not used
line 3: Warning:  Local variable "p79" declared but not used
line 3: Warning:  Local variable "p80" declared but not used
line 3: Warning:  Local variable "p81" declared but not used
line 3: Warning:  Local variable "p82" declared but not used
line 3: Warning:  Local variable "p83" declared but not used
line 3: Warning:  Local variable "p84" declared but not used
line 3: Warning:  Local variable "p85" declared but not used
line 3: Warning:  Local variable "p86" declared but not used
line 3: Warning:  Local variable "p87" declared but not used
line 3: Warning:  Local variable "p88" declared but not used
line 3: Warning:  Local variable "p89" declared but not used
line 3: Warning:  Local variable "p90" declared but not used
line 3: Warning:  Local variable "p91" declared but not used
line 3: Warning:  Local variable "p92" declared but not used
line 3: Warning:  Local variable "p93" declared but not used
line 3: Warning:  Local variable "p94" declared but not used
line 3: Warning:  Local variable "p95" declared but not used
line 3: Warning:  Local variable "p96" declared but not used
line 3: Warning:  Local variable "p97" declared but not used
line 3: Warning:  Local variable "p98" declared but not used
line 3: Warning:  Local variable "p99" declared but not used
line 3: Warning:  Local variable "p100" declared but not used
line 3: Warning:  Local variable "p101" declared but not used
line 3: Warning:  Local variable "p102" declared but not used
line 3: Warning:  Local variable "p103" declared but not used
line 3: Warning:  Local variable "p104" declared but not used
line 3: Warning:  Local variable "p105" declared but not used
line 3: Warning:  Local variable "p106" declared but not used
line 3: Warning:  Local variable "p107" declared but not used
line 3: Warning:  Local variable "p108" declared but not used
line 3: Warning:  Local variable "p109" declared but not used
line 3: Warning:  Local variable "p110" declared but not used
line 3: Warning:  Local variable "p111" declared but not used
line 3: Warning:  Local variable "p112" declared but not used
line 3: Warning:  Local variable "p113" declared but not used
line 3: Warning:  Local variable "p114" declared but not used
line 3: Warning:  Local variable "p115" declared but not used
line 3: Warning:  Local variable "p116" declared but not used
line 3: Warning:  Local variable "p117" declared but not used
line 3: Warning:  Routine "func" declared but not used
Compiled with 1 error and 119 warnings (no output)
