Inform 6.43 for MacOS (6th August 2025)
line 4: Warning:  Array "a_1" declared but not used
line 5: Warning:  Array "a_2" declared but not used
line 6: Warning:  Array "a_3" declared but not used
line 7: Warning:  Array "a_4" declared but not used
line 8: Warning:  Array "a_5" declared but not used
line 9: Warning:  Array "a_6" declared but not used
line 10: Warning:  Array "a_7" declared but not used
line 11: Warning:  Array "a_8" declared but not used
line 12: Warning:  Array "a_9" declared but not used
line 13: Warning:  Array "a_10" declared but not used
line 14: Warning:  Array "a_11" declared but not used
line 15: Warning:  Array "a_12" declared but not used
line 16: Warning:  Array "a_13" declared but not used
line 17: Warning:  Array "a_14" declared but not used
line 18: Warning:  Array "a_15" declared but not used
line 19: Warning:  Array "a_16" declared but not used
line 20: Warning:  Array "a_17" declared but not used
line 21: Warning:  Array "a_18" declared but not used
line 22: Warning:  Array "a_19" declared but not used
line 23: Warning:  Array "a_20" declared but not used
line 24: Warning:  Array "a_21" declared but not used
line 25: Warning:  Array "a_22" declared but not used
line 26: Warning:  Array "a_23" declared but not used
line 27: Warning:  Array "a_24" declared but not used
line 28: Warning:  Array "a_25" declared but not used
line 29: Warning:  Array "a_26" declared but not used
line 30: Warning:  Array "a_27" declared but not used
line 31: Warning:  Array "a_28" declared but not used
line 32: Warning:  Array "a_29" declared but not used
line 33: Warning:  Array "a_30" declared but not used
line 34: Warning:  Array "a_31" declared but not used
line 35: Warning:  Array "a_32" declared but not used
line 36: Warning:  Array "a_33" declared but not used
line 37: Warning:  Array "a_34" declared but not used
line 38: Warning:  Array "a_35" declared but not used
line 39: Warning:  Array "a_36" declared but not used
line 40: Warning:  Array "a_37" declared but not used
line 41: Warning:  Array "a_38" declared but not used
line 42: Warning:  Array "a_39" declared but not used
line 43: Warning:  Array "a_40" declared but not used
line 44: Warning:  Array "a_41" declared but not used
line 45: Warning:  Array "a_42" declared but not used
line 46: Warning:  Array "a_43" declared but not used
line 47: Warning:  Array "a_44" declared but not used
line 48: Warning:  Array "a_45" declared but not used
line 49: Warning:  Array "a_46" declared but not used
line 50: Warning:  Array "a_47" declared but not used
line 51: Warning:  Array "a_48" declared but not used
line 52: Warning:  Array "a_49" declared but not used
line 53: Warning:  Array "a_50" declared but not used
line 54: Warning:  Array "a_51" declared but not used
line 55: Warning:  Array "a_52" declared but not used
line 56: Warning:  Array "a_53" declared but not used
line 57: Warning:  Array "a_54" declared but not used
line 58: Warning:  Array "a_55" declared but not used
line 59: Warning:  Array "a_56" declared but not used
line 60: Warning:  Array "a_57" declared but not used
line 61: Warning:  Array "a_58" declared but not used
line 62: Warning:  Array "a_59" declared but not used
line 63: Warning:  Array "a_60" declared but not used
line 64: Warning:  Array "a_61" declared but not used
line 65: Warning:  Array "a_62" declared but not used
line 66: Warning:  Array "a_63" declared but not used
line 67: Warning:  Array "a_64" declared but not used
line 68: Warning:  Array "a_65" declared but not used
line 69: Warning:  Array "a_66" declared but not used
line 70: Warning:  Array "a_67" declared but not used
line 71: Warning:  Array "a_68" declared but not used
line 72: Warning:  Array "a_69" declared but not used
line 73: Warning:  Array "a_70" declared but not used
line 74: Warning:  Array "a_71" declared but not used
line 75: Warning:  Array "a_72" declared but not used
line 76: Warning:  Array "a_73" declared but not used
line 77: Warning:  Array "a_74" declared but not used
line 78: Warning:  Array "a_75" declared but not used
line 79: Warning:  Array "a_76" declared but not used
line 80: Warning:  Array "a_77" declared but not used
line 81: Warning:  Array "a_78" declared but not used
line 82: Warning:  Array "a_79" declared but not used
line 83: Warning:  Array "a_80" declared but not used
line 84: Warning:  Array "a_81" declared but not used
line 85: Warning:  Array "a_82" declared but not used
line 86: Warning:  Array "a_83" declared but not used
line 87: Warning:  Array "a_84" declared but not used
line 88: Warning:  Array "a_85" declared but not used
line 89: Warning:  Array "a_86" declared but not used
line 90: Warning:  Array "a_87" declared but not used
line 91: Warning:  Array "a_88" declared but not used
line 92: Warning:  Array "a_89" declared but not used
line 93: Warning:  Array "a_90" declared but not used
line 94: Warning:  Array "a_91" declared but not used
line 95: Warning:  Array "a_92" declared but not used
line 96: Warning:  Array "a_93" declared but not used
line 97: Warning:  Array "a_94" declared but not used
line 98: Warning:  Array "a_95" declared but not used
line 99: Warning:  Array "a_96" declared but not used
line 100: Warning:  Array "a_97" declared but not used
line 101: Warning:  Array "a_98" declared but not used
line 102: Warning:  Array "a_99" declared but not used
line 103: Warning:  Array "a_100" declared but not used
line 104: Warning:  Array "a_101" declared but not used
line 105: Warning:  Array "a_102" declared but not used
line 106: Warning:  Array "a_103" declared but not used
line 107: Warning:  Array "a_104" declared but not used
line 108: Warning:  Array "a_105" declared but not used
line 109: Warning:  Array "a_106" declared but not used
line 110: Warning:  Array "a_107" declared but not used
line 111: Warning:  Array "a_108" declared but not used
line 112: Warning:  Array "a_109" declared but not used
line 113: Warning:  Array "a_110" declared but not used
line 114: Warning:  Array "a_111" declared but not used
line 115: Warning:  Array "a_112" declared but not used
line 116: Warning:  Array "a_113" declared but not used
line 117: Warning:  Array "a_114" declared but not used
line 118: Warning:  Array "a_115" declared but not used
line 119: Warning:  Array "a_116" declared but not used
line 120: Warning:  Array "a_117" declared but not used
line 121: Warning:  Array "a_118" declared but not used
line 122: Warning:  Array "a_119" declared but not used
line 123: Warning:  Array "a_120" declared but not used
line 124: Warning:  Array "a_121" declared but not used
line 125: Warning:  Array "a_122" declared but not used
line 126: Warning:  Array "a_123" declared but not used
line 127: Warning:  Array "a_124" declared but not used
line 128: Warning:  Array "a_125" declared but not used
line 129: Warning:  Array "a_126" declared but not used
line 130: Warning:  Array "a_127" declared but not used
line 131: Warning:  Array "a_128" declared but not used
line 132: Warning:  Array "a_129" declared but not used
line 133: Warning:  Array "a_130" declared but not used
line 134: Warning:  Array "a_131" declared but not used
line 135: Warning:  Array "a_132" declared but not used
line 136: Warning:  Array "a_133" declared but not used
line 137: Warning:  Array "a_134" declared but not used
line 138: Warning:  Array "a_135" declared but not used
line 139: Warning:  Array "a_136" declared but not used
line 140: Warning:  Array "a_137" declared but not used
line 141: Warning:  Array "a_138" declared but not used
line 142: Warning:  Array "a_139" declared but not used
line 143: Warning:  Array "a_140" declared but not used
line 144: Warning:  Array "a_141" declared but not used
line 145: Warning:  Array "a_142" declared but not used
line 146: Warning:  Array "a_143" declared but not used
line 147: Warning:  Array "a_144" declared but not used
line 148: Warning:  Array "a_145" declared but not used
line 149: Warning:  Array "a_146" declared but not used
line 150: Warning:  Array "a_147" declared but not used
line 151: Warning:  Array "a_148" declared but not used
line 152: Warning:  Array "a_149" declared but not used
line 153: Warning:  Array "a_150" declared but not used
Compiled with 150 warnings
