Inform 6.43 for MacOS (6th August 2025)
line 4: Warning:  Defined constant "lstr_0" declared but not used
line 5: Warning:  Defined constant "lstr_1" declared but not used
line 6: Warning:  Defined constant "lstr_2" declared but not used
line 7: Warning:  Defined constant "lstr_3" declared but not used
line 8: Warning:  Defined constant "lstr_4" declared but not used
line 9: Warning:  Defined constant "lstr_5" declared but not used
line 10: Warning:  Defined constant "lstr_6" declared but not used
line 11: Warning:  Defined constant "lstr_7" declared but not used
line 12: Warning:  Defined constant "lstr_8" declared but not used
line 13: Warning:  Defined constant "lstr_9" declared but not used
line 14: Warning:  Defined constant "lstr_10" declared but not used
line 15: Warning:  Defined constant "lstr_11" declared but not used
line 16: Warning:  Defined constant "lstr_12" declared but not used
line 17: Warning:  Defined constant "lstr_13" declared but not used
line 18: Warning:  Defined constant "lstr_14" declared but not used
line 19: Warning:  Defined constant "lstr_15" declared but not used
line 20: Warning:  Defined constant "lstr_16" declared but not used
line 21: Warning:  Defined constant "lstr_17" declared but not used
line 22: Warning:  Defined constant "lstr_18" declared but not used
line 23: Warning:  Defined constant "lstr_19" declared but not used
Compiled with 20 warnings
